README.md, before:

[![Latest Release](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/actions/workflows/dotnet-build-and-push.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/actions/workflows/dotnet-build-and-push.yml)
## Antec Flux Pro Display Service
A small, lightweight app that runs in the background that gets system cpu and gpu temperature using libre hardware monitor's library. Data is displayed directly to your Antec Flux Pro display on the side of the case. 

Requires Administrator privileges in order to fetch CPU and GPU data from libre hardware monitor's library.

## Installation
1. You will need to install the PawnIO driver from here first: https://pawnio.eu
2. Next, download the latest release of the display software [here](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/releases/latest)
3. Installation location is up to you, but you can extract and move the files to `C:\Program Files` and just launch it from in there.
4. That is it! 

## Notes and Information
### Dependencies
- [**LibreHardwareMonitor**](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor): This project uses LibreHardwareMonitor, the latest nightly release since it gets updated frequently to support the latest CPU and GPUs.
- [**PawnIO**](https://github.com/namazso/PawnIO): LibreHardwareMonitor uses the open-source PawnIO driver in order to fetch CPU temperatures. The reason being that before, LHM would use something called WinRing0 in order to fetch this data. However, WinRing0 has been found to open up your system to vulnerabilities with the way it accesses this data. More information can be found [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-defender-antivirus-alert-vulnerabledriver-winnt-winring0-eb057830-d77b-41a2-9a34-015a5d203c42).

### Building Locally
To build and export the project locally, I run this.
`dotnet publish -c Release -p:SelfContained=false`

Commit message:

Update installation instructions in README.md
Added information about the app appearing in the system tray after installation.

README.md, after:

[![Latest Release](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/actions/workflows/dotnet-build-and-push.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/actions/workflows/dotnet-build-and-push.yml)
## Antec Flux Pro Display Service
A small, lightweight app that runs in the background that gets system cpu and gpu temperature using libre hardware monitor's library. Data is displayed directly to your Antec Flux Pro display on the side of the case. 

Requires Administrator privileges in order to fetch CPU and GPU data from libre hardware monitor's library.

## Installation
1. You will need to install the PawnIO driver from here first: https://pawnio.eu
2. Next, download the latest release of the display software [here](https://github.com/archotechna/antec-flux-pro-display-lightweight/releases/latest)
3. Installation location is up to you, but you can extract and move the files to `C:\Program Files` and just launch it from in there.
4. That is it! The app will appear on the bottom right in the [system tray](https://dsurf.net/windows-11-training/system-tray-in-windows-11/) area.

## Notes and Information
### Dependencies
- [**LibreHardwareMonitor**](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor): This project uses LibreHardwareMonitor, the latest nightly release since it gets updated frequently to support the latest CPU and GPUs.
- [**PawnIO**](https://github.com/namazso/PawnIO): LibreHardwareMonitor uses the open-source PawnIO driver in order to fetch CPU temperatures. The reason being that before, LHM would use something called WinRing0 in order to fetch this data. However, WinRing0 has been found to open up your system to vulnerabilities with the way it accesses this data. More information can be found [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-defender-antivirus-alert-vulnerabledriver-winnt-winring0-eb057830-d77b-41a2-9a34-015a5d203c42).

### Building Locally
To build and export the project locally, I run this.
`dotnet publish -c Release -p:SelfContained=false`
